Bright orange hallway
Common room,-,Computer control room,-
You are in a long hallway, with bright orange walls, and long, smooth, fluorescent lights lining
the ceiling. To the right their is a long window, but it is mostly covered by tropical flora.
Only a few stray beams of sunlight stream in where they can.
END
Computer control room
Lobby,-,-,Bright orange hallway
You are in a dark room, with no windows. In the corner, there is a small, old, and beaten up
aluminum desk. On it, there is an old Apple III computer, and a single, barely working lamp.
END
Common room
Old elevator shaft,Bright orange hallway,Lobby,-
You are in a room with the same bright orange metallic walls that you have seen before. There are 
plants in each corner, as well as a flat-screen television mounted on the north wall. Along
the southern wall is one out of place leather couch. There is also an elevator door.
END
Secret vault #11
-,-,-,Old elevator shaft
You are in a room encapsulated by thick metal walls. The only light is coming from an old
light fixture on the ceiling that gives an eery green hue to the room. There are old computing 
devices from the 60's that take up the whole wall, and a worn down cot in the corner.
END
Old elevator shaft
-,Common room,Secret vault #11,-
You have forced open the elevator doors and are now in the bottom of a retired elevator shaft.
In fact, it doesn't seem like there ever was an elevator vessel ever even installed. You notice
a small crawlspace covered only by a small door broken off from its hinges.
END
Lobby
-,Computer control room,Atrium,Common room
You are now in what seems to be an old lobby. The walls are orange, just like the rest,
but a more worn down and dirty. The front desk is empty. There is the remnants of a sign
behind the front desk spell out " Ape-u-e S-en-e."
END
Atrium
Long hallway,Maintenance closet,-,Lobby
You are in a large room with large glass windows and a glass ceiling. However, you cannot
see much aside from spots of sunlight due to the excessive growth of vines and weeds. There
a door to your north through which you see a long hallway. There is a padlock on the door.
END
Long hallway
-,Atrium,-,-
There is a long window to your east, caked in dirt. At the end of the hallway you see a bright 
light streaming in from a doorway. It seems as though there is an river not far away, if you could
only get the door open.
END
Maintenance closet
Atrium,-,-,-
You are in an old maintenance closet. It doesn't seem to be anything special. The supply shelves 
are mostly empty. You do notice, however, a pile of old notes from whoever worked here.
END